Apply a few fixes in `The NAT Gazette: June 2024` news post (#11553)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-06-10-the-nat-gazette-june-2024.md

### Evaluations moving forward

Based on recent community feedback, the osu! Nomination Assessment Team will no longer take a proactive approach enforcing arbitrary mapping quality standards in their evaluations. We believe the community as a whole must be the one to decide what's best for the platform.

This change in perspective means that osu! Beatmap Nominators **will not** be punished for any subjective concern that the evaluators may have had on beatmaps that have been ranked without resets. Unrankables, unranks, and any other objective issue will still be handled as per usual.

While we may experiment with more changes depending on how things turn out, the direction of letting the community set their own standards will not change.

> Do note that this change only affects the osu! ruleset, and other rulesets will still handle evaluations as they've been doing so far.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do note that this change only affects the osu! game mode, and other game modes will still handle evaluations as they've been doing so far.
```
